Add important note explaining why `navigator.vibrate()` may not work (#40143)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/navigator/vibrate/index.md

`false`, else it returns `true`. If the pattern leads to a too
long vibration, it is truncated: the max length depends on the implementation.

> The `vibrate()` method may have no effect if the device is in Silent Mode or Do Not Disturb (DND) mode. Make sure these modes are disabled and that vibration is enabled in the device's system settings.

Reviewer: I think that's a good call with a small reword:

```suggestion
Some devices may not vibrate if they are in Silent mode or Do Not Disturb (DND) mode. To ensure vibration works, make sure these modes are turned off and that vibration is enabled in the system settings.
```
